The crazy and hilarious adventures of Morten, Thor or Birger in search of his missing cat, Bob, that’s right, Bob the cat. Yup, that is his name; Bob the cat, which is a cat. Bob. The cat. Cat.

TCHAMTBSMCBTRBTCYTIHNBCWIACBTCC.

Lost cat, asks for it in the neighborhood. There are six people to ask.
To get a more accurate lead, you got to ask five. One of the three roads leads to a dead end, 
and you have to go back, case 1. The second, case 2, takes you to a back-alley with a bunch of 
primitive thugs. If you manage to beat them, you will continue onwards to the same room which the 
third area takes you at once. As understood, the third takes you further on your quest, case 3! 
If case 1 happens, you have to fight thugs in able to return to the previous area.  
If case 2 happens and you manage to beat the thugs, you continue onwards to the same 
area as in case 3.
If case 3 happens, you will get a weapon of your choice; Morten prefers a spear as he has 
normal attack speed, average strength and long area of effect, Thor prefers a hammer (of course) as 
he is slow but strong and Birger prefers dual wield short-swords as he is weak but fast. 
And then you continue to the next area, area 4. 
Area 4: Another area full of people and you continue to ask questions about where Bob is. 
Here you will get a hint of what has happened to him, though you will not get his position. 
You continue to the next area. 
Area 5: The kidnappers find out of your “nosy-ness”, and a bunch of hired guns are set out to stop you, 
and you have to fight them. After you beat the crap out of the last thug, you question him. He doesn’t 
tell you about Bob, but you get a code from him, though you don’t know what it’s for. You continue to 
the next area.
Area 6: You exit the city and enter a forest. Here you can only move on to the next area.
Area 7: In this area there is a giant castle. To enter the castle you have to use the code. 
And in the castle you encounter a bunch of mobs and when you defeat these, you continue to the 
next area.
Area 8: This area contains the boss. Defeat him and you reclaim your cat Bob.  